Today, the judge of the Togunruk city court, Alisei Vasucchenko,
took his talk about the criminal case of the 16th Anniversary of the Yegovs.
He said that the four of us, of course, were the most than five years of the current conclusion,
and also put on them the great punishments.
The punishments were significant and the 12th of all, according to the judge.
The judge is not based on the use of the criminal law of extremism to the service of the Yegovs.
And precisely, the malice, the sin, the reading and the discussion of the Bible.
To all that, what is the matter, all the witnesses of the Yegovs in the whole world?
Fortunately, the decision of the freedom of the judge was to consider the conditions.
Also, the judge does not need to pay the fines.
However, we do not know what this conditions of the judge will be meant to judge them on the practice.
The judge creates a dangerous precedent for the freedom of the Russian people.
The purpose of the Russian government is to further investigate the Yegovs' world,
only for the fact that they are peaceful and lead their religion.
The third is that the authorities in other regions of Russia follow the example of Togunruk.
They are trying to limit the legal activities of the Yegovs' people.
We will be sorry for today's conversation.
Russia has taken the responsibility to look at the constitution and international agreements
to ensure the religious freedom.
We are sure that the legal activities of the judge must be taken to the right to assess what has happened.
This is the real religious investigation.
We hope that this will be a terrible injustice.